Tuning the hackathon node side to a template repository (#1)
digital-earths-global-hackathon/template-node: content/homepage/stipends.md

---

> The organizers are exploring options to offer travel support specifically for early-career researchers to encourage their participation in the Hamburg Node of the Digital Earths Global Hackathon. If your ability to participate depends on receiving travel assistance, please visit the [current registration page]([#](http://localhost:1313/global-hackathon-template/)) and fill out the relevant section to indicate your need.

Reviewer: I think this shouldn't be changed. The original link was pointing to the correct location.
```suggestion
The organizers are exploring options to offer travel support specifically for early-career researchers to encourage their participation in the Hamburg Node of the Digital Earths Global Hackathon. If your ability to participate depends on receiving travel assistance, please visit the [current registration page]([#](https://events.mpimet.mpg.de/event/86/)) and fill out the relevant section to indicate your need.
```
